Upgrade documentation according to the new interface look (#7280)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/management.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: The Wazuh dashboard gives you a quick view of your agents, alerts, and cluster. Learn how to configure its features in this section. 
  
.. _dashboard_management:

Dashboard management
========================

The **Dashboard management** section allows you to configure and customize your Wazuh dashboard experience, as well as seeing the generated reports and the application logs.

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1
   :backlinks: none

> 

Author: I think it´s clearer that way

Dashboards Management
---------------------

Index patterns
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
In this section, you can see and configure the Index patterns, and creating new ones.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/index-patterns.png
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

Saved objects
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You can see the saved objects of the application here. You will find the index patterns, the application settings and the custom visualizations and dashboards.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/saved-objects.png
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

Advanced settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
In this section you can configure advanced settings of the Wazuh Dashboard. Here, you can set the appearance to dark mode. 

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/advanced-settings.png
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/dark-mode.png
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

Reporting
---------
Here you can see the reports generated in the different modules, with the ``Generate report`` button.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/reporting.png
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

Server APIs
-----------

> In this section, you can list all your inserted API credentials. The star icon indicates the currently used API to show information on the app. Each entry has multiple available actions to manage it. Keep in mind that a working API is needed to add or edit an entry. Check your API connection status before adding them to the app.

Reviewer: This needs a rephrasing. What's "inserted API credentials"? What's "currently used API to show information on the app"? What is a "working API"? Are these entries API connections?

Author: Solved in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/7280/commits/055ead35c636ee3ddd651d00f4bddafa07cd4446

> .. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/api.png
>   :align: center
>   :width: 100%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. thumbnail:: /images/kibana-app/features/settings/api.png
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
```

App Settings
-------------

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can take a quick look at the Wazuh dashboard configuration file here. The documentation for the ``wazuh.yml`` file can be found in the config section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wazuh dashboard configuration file is located at ``/usr/share/wazuh-dashboard/data/wazuh/config/wazuh.yml``. You can take a look at the configuration parameters here under **Configuration**.
```

> .. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/configuration.png
>   :align: center
>   :width: 100%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. thumbnail:: /images/kibana-app/features/settings/configuration.png
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
```

Miscellaneous
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can manually execute the Health check on this section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually run the Wazuh dashboard health check from this section. This health check assesses the operational status and performance of the Wazuh dashboard.
```

> .. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/miscellaneous.png
>   :align: center
>   :width: 100%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. thumbnail:: /images/kibana-app/features/settings/miscellaneous.png
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
```

App Logs
--------

> The Wazuh dashboard stores log information on the ``/usr/share/wazuh-dashboard/data/wazuh/logs/wazuhapp.log`` file. These logs can be helpful for troubleshooting purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wazuh dashboard stores log information in the ``/usr/share/wazuh-dashboard/data/wazuh/logs/wazuhapp.log`` file. These logs help with troubleshooting.
```

> .. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/logs.png
>   :align: center
>   :width: 100%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. thumbnail:: /images/kibana-app/features/settings/logs.png
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
```

About
-----

> This section provides information about your currently installed Wazuh dashboard package, such as version, revision, and installation date. If you want to discover what's new on each release, you can go to our `Changelog file <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`_ to check it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides information about your currently installed Wazuh dashboard package, including:

- Version
- Revision
- Installation date

To discover new features in each release, visit our `Changelog file <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/blob/v|WAZUH_CURRENT|-2.8.0/CHANGELOG.md>`__.
```

> .. thumbnail:: ../../images/kibana-app/features/settings/about.png
>   :align: center
>   :width: 100%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. thumbnail:: /images/kibana-app/features/settings/about.png
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
```

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: The Wazuh dashboard gives you a quick view of your agents, alerts, and cluster. Learn how to configure its features in this section. 
  
.. _dashboard_management:

Dashboard management
========================

> The **Dashboard management** section allows you to configure and customize your Wazuh dashboard experience, as well as seeing the generated reports and the application logs.

Reviewer: Maybe a screenshot of the Dashboard management options could give a graphic overview of all the available options

![imagen](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/assets/47069802/fcac2aa7-c511-4c42-8bd3-ed1e5f69c427)

or maybe a local contents table for this.

```
.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1
   :backlinks: none
```

Author: Solved in 32d95d828e5667d6c5bf02462bd1e42080c86723
